There are basically six criteria for
hijab that is given in the Quran and the
say. The first criteria differs between
the man and the woman. For the man the
extent is from the navl to the knee. For
the woman the complete body should be
covered. The only parts that can be seen
are the face and the hands up to the
wrist. Can be seen not should be seen.
If someone wants to cover they're most
welcome. There are some scholars who say
that even the face and the hands up to
the wrist comes in hijab.
So the the first criteria only differs
between the man and the woman. The
remaining five criteria are the same for
the man and the woman. The second is
that the clothes they wear it should not
be tight fitting so that it reveals the
figure. The third the clothes should not
be transparent or translucent so that
you can see through. Number four that
the clothes should not be so glamorous
so that it attracts the opposite sex.
Number five, they should not wear
clothes that which resemble of the
opposite sex. And number six, they
should not wear clothes that which
resemble of the unbeliever. You can't
wear a cross which is a sign sign of
Christianity. You can't wear a vanillon
which is a sign of Hinduism. So these
six are the basics criteria for hijab.
But this six criteria of clothing does
not constitute the complete hijab. This
is only the hijab of the clothing.
Besides the hijab of the clothing, there
is hijab of the eyes, there's hijab of
the heart, the hijab of the mind, hijab
of the thought. So besides the hijab of
clothes, there is hijab also of
attitude, hijab of behavior,
hijab of moral conduct, ha, hijab of
intention, hijab of the thought. So
besides what you wear in the complete
hijab, Islam also believes in not only
what you wear but on how you talk, how
you walk, how you behave, how do you
think all put together is a hijab. Allah
further says in surah azab chapter 33
verse number 59 Allah says oh prophet
tell your wives and your daughters and
the believing women that when they go
abroad they should put on the jilbab put
on the overcloak so that they shall be
recognized and it shall prevent them
from being molested. So Allah says in
the Quran in surah Azab 33:59 that hijab
has been prescribed for the women so
that they shall be recognized that
they're modest
and they shall not be molested. These
are the two reasons given in the Quran
so that they shall be recognized that
they are modest and they shall not be
molested. Now let me give you a simple
example and I'd like to ask a question
that if there are two twin sisters who
are equally beautiful very beautiful
equally beautiful one twin sister
she is wearing the Islamic hijab
complete body covered the only part that
can be seen are the face and hands up to
the wrist and the other twin sister was
very beautiful she's wearing the western
clothes mini skirt with a low neck and a
head open and if both the sisters are
walking down the streets of Mombasa and
if there is a holy Rafin who's waiting
for a catch who's waiting to tease a
girl I'm asking you the question which
girl will it tease will it tease the
twin sister who's wearing the Islamic
hijab or will it tease the twin sister
who's wearing the western clothes mini
skirts and a low neck which twin sister
will it tease the woman the sister
wearing the western and loads. It's a
simple answer. You invite and people
come. So Islam
also says unnecessarily you should not
invite
people so that they monstring
and the amount of rape it is exorbitant.
one of the highest rate of rape in any
country in the world. It's in USA.
According to the FBI statistics of 1990,
in that year alone, 102,550
cases of rape took place. And the
statistically says only 16% were
reported. That means you have to
multiply the figure by 6.25 and you get
a total of 640,
cases of rape took place according to
FBI in 1990 alone. If you divide this
figure by 365, every day 1,756
cases of rape took place according to
FBI 1990. If you read the statistics of
2005,
according to the US Crime Department
bureau, US Department of Justice, it
says every day in 2005 alone on an
average 1,996
cases of rape took place. The same US
Department of Justice in the year 2015
every day two 2328
cases of rape took place. That means
every 37 second one ripe is taking